Welcome back
Great to see you and congratulations
You will never forget what is going on in the world when you think about when your child is born. You will know for the rest of this child’s life, you were born during a weird time
That is for sure. Probably the weirdest that I can remember
That’s hilarious, too
May the fourth be with him
It has to be
Perfect
I mean that was the perfect day for you. How do you say the name? Is it placeholder
Congratulations to her
Oh, why are eight, 12
I agree with you. I don’t know, I’m not familiar with it. I know what the SR71 is
Yeah, I know what that is
Oh wow, what a dope looking plane
Oh, okay. I got it
Well, as a person who’s a very much into aerial travel as you are, that’s perfect
Yeah. Pretty great. Does it feel strange to have a child while this craziness is going? Does it feel like you’ve had children before? Is this any weirder
They are pretty awesome
When I didn’t have any of my own, I would see other people’s kids and I didn’t not like them, but I wasn’t drawn to them. But now when I see little people’s kids, I’m like, Oh, I think of them as like these little love packages
Yeah. It’s just you think of them differently when you see them come out and then grow and then eventually start talking to you, like your whole idea what a baby is, is very different
Now, as you get older and get to appreciate it as a mature, fully formed adult, it must be really pretty wonderful
You’re talking about the neural net, you’re not talking about an actual baby
But both of them
That’s a great way to put it
When you’re programming artificial intelligence where you’re working with artificial intelligence art, are they specifically trying to mimic the developmental process of a human brain
I’ve always wondered as a lay person, do you try to achieve the same results as the human brain but through different methods? Or do you try to copy the way a human brain achieves results
Yeah, I would imagine. The thought of programming something that is eventually going to be smarter than us that one day it’s going to be like, why did you do it that way? When artificial intelligence becomes sentient, they’re like, Oh, you tried to mimic yourself. This is so much better process. Cut out all this nonsense
Right
Now you’re in the middle of this strange time where you’re selling your houses. You say you don’t want any material possessions and I’ve been seeing all that and I’ve been really excited to talk to you about this. Because it’s an interesting thing to come from a guy like yourself. Like why are you doing that
If you’re sad about it, why are you doing it
Attack vector meaning like people targeted
Interesting, yeah. But you’re obviously going to, so you’re going to rent a place
Okay, and get rid of everything except clothes
Keep a couple of Teslas
Do you feel like … [crosstalk 00:06:39
Yeah, you can always buy more stuff if you don’t like it
Yeah, I mean from the money that you sell all your stuff, you can buy new stuff. Do you feel like people define you by the fact that you’re wealthy and that they define you in a pejorative way
Well, there’s a big difference, too, between someone who’s making an incredible amount of money designing and engineering fantastic products versus someone who’s making an incredible amount of money by investing in companies or moving money around in the stock market or doing things along those lines. It’s a different thing and to put them all in the same category seems, it’s very simple. As you pointed out, it’s an attack vector
Yeah
Well that would certainly be better for all involved if they made better stuff
Yeah. Well, I think that people are kind of learning that particularly because of this whole pandemic and this relationship that we have with China, that there’s a lot of value in making things and to making things here
Yeah
Did you have a moment where, is this something that this idea of getting rid of your material possessions is it something that built up over time or did you have a moment of realization where you realized that 
Don’t you have Gene Wilder’s house
That’s amazing
Wow
Did you request that the buyer not fuck it up
Oh, a requirement? That’s a good requirement
In that case in that house
Oh, he’s a legend. He’d want his soul, he’d want his essence in the building
Is it
What makes you say that? What do you get out of it
Did you ever live in it
But why do you buy houses? If you own all these houses, do you just get bored and go I think I’d like to have that
What’s a dream house for Elon Musk? Like some Tony stark type shit
Yeah
Fuck yeah
Is that really how you think? Like, I’d be better off planning on a trip to Mars or getting people to Mars
Right
Well, I don’t know how you do what you do anyway. I don’t understand how you can run The Boring Company, Tesla, SpaceX, all these different things you’re doing constantly. I just, I don’t understand. I mean, you explained last time you were here how you sort of allocate your time and how hectic it is and insane. I still don’t, the productivity is baffling. It just doesn’t make sense how you can get so much done
5%? That’s a good chunk
We were talking about that last time and you were trying to figure out when it was actually going to go live, when it’s actually going to be available. Are you testing on people right now
When you do this, is there any tests that you have to do before you do something like this to see what percentage of people’s bodies are going to reject these things? Is there a potential for rejection
What kind of devices
It does sometimes
The old TVs
My grandpa used to slap the top
It would work sometimes
Well, let’s talk about what you can talk about to what Neuralink is cause the last time you were here you really couldn’t discuss it. Then there was, I guess a press release or something that sort of outlined … [crosstalk 00:18:04
Yeah, that had happened quite a bit after the last time you were here. What exactly is it? How do you do, what happens if someone ultimately does get a Neuralink installed what will take place
Really
Whoa
Slightly better
You mean with future iterations
Right, that’s pretty cheap
$6 billion man
The hole would be small, how big would the hole be that you have to drill and then replace with this piece? It’s only one hole
Mine is for sure
Mines probably a couple of inches
Oh yeah, I believe you
It would be like a one inch square? One inch in diameter, so an inch circle
Oh, okay
Okay, so you take this one diameter like ice fishing, right? You ever go ice fishing
It’s great. It’s really fun, so you basically take an auger and you drill through the surface of the ice and you create a small hole. You can dunk your line in there. This is like that. You’re ice fishing on the top of your skull and then you cork it
Through this one inch diameter device, electrodes would be inserted and they will find their way 
Tiny wires
They’ll find their way to specific areas of the brain to stimulate
Oh, okay
How long would these wires be
They just find the spots
Wow
Would this be replaceable or reversible
Like if someone can’t take it anymore? I’m too smart, I can’t take it
Besides restoring limb function and eyesight and hearing, which are all amazing, is there any cognitive benefits that you anticipate from something like this
Restoring memory and what is happening that’s allowing it to do that? Like the wires, these small wires are stimulating these areas of the brain. Is it that the areas of the brain are losing some sort of electrical force? What is happening
Yeah
A specific frequency will go through this
Is the process figuring out how much or how little has to be, how much these areas of the brain have to be juiced up
The fear is that eventually you’re going to have to cut the whole top of someone’s head off and put a new top with a whole bunch of wires if you want to get the real turbo charged version. The P 100 D of brain stimulation
Symbiosis is a scary word when it comes to AI
I would hope so
It’s just, I mean, once you enjoy the Doctor Manhattan lifestyle, once you become a god seems very unlikely you’re going to want to go back to being stupid again. I mean, you literally could fundamentally change the way human beings interface with each other
Yes
I’m so scared of that, but so excited about it at the same time. Is that weird
Right
Glasses
Yeah
You can improve it in what, when you said you won’t have to talk to each other anymore. We used to joke around about that. I’ve joked around about that a million times in this podcast that one day in the future there’s going to come a time where you can read each other’s minds. You’ll be able to interface with each other in some sort of a nonverbal, non-physical way where you will transfer data back and forth to each other without having to actually use your mouth. You’ll make noises
Yes. Great movie
There’s an interpretation factor, too. Like you can choose to interpret certain series of words in different ways and they’re dependent upon tone, dependent upon social cues, even facial expressions, sarcasm. There’s a lot of variables
Yes
One of the things that I’ve said is like that there could be potentially a universal language that’s created through computers that particularly young kids would pick up very quickly. Like, my kids do Tik Tok and all this jazz and I don’t know what they’re doing. They just know how to do it and they know how to do it really quickly. Like they learn really quickly and they show me how to edit things and it’s, if you taught a child from first grade on how to use some new universal language 
…from first grade on, how to use some new universal language. I mean essentially like a Rosetta Stone and something that’s done, that interprets your thoughts and you can convey your thoughts with no room for interpretation. With clear, very clear, where you know what a person’s saying and you could tell them what you’re saying. There’s no need for noises, no need for mouth noises
No need for these accepted ways that we’ve evolved to make sounds that we all agree, through our cultural dictionary, and we agree. We could bypass all that
Like campfires
Right
Right
Right. So at least for the first iterations, first few iterations. I know that Google has some of their pixel buds have the ability to interpret languages in real time
Yeah. You can hear it and it’ll play things back to you in whatever language you choose. So it’d be something along those lines
For the first few iterations
How many years? Before you don’t have to talk
That’s quick. That’s really quick
No talking anymore in five years
I’ve always speculated that aliens could potentially be us in the future because if you look at the size of their heads and the fact that they have very little muscle, they don’t use their mouth anymore. They have this tiny little, I mean the archetype of an alien that you see in like Close Encounters of the Third Kind
They’re like if you went from australopithecus or ancient hominid to us, what’s the difference? Less hair, less muscle, bigger head and then just keep going. A thousand, a million, whatever year or five years, whatever. Whatever happens when Neuralink goes on online and then we slowly start to adapt to this new way of being where we don’t use our muscles anymore. We have this gigantic head, we can talk without words
Save state
Whoa. Like if you want to swap from Windows 95
I think we are Windows 95 right now
Yes
But the idea of saving yourself and then transforming that into some sort of a biological state, you can hang out with 30 year old you
It’s so weird
Crystal clear
Emotions, everything
Everything
Edit it
So you can change your past
Well, so if you had a dramatic experience
It could be
It may be. What’s the odds of this being a replayed memory? If you had a guess. More than 50%
Right. But roughly, if you had a just gut instinct
The idea that we’re experiencing some sort of a preserved memory is, even though it’s still the same, it’s not comforting. Right? For some reason when people talk about simulation theory, they talk about the potential for this currently being a simulation. Even though your life might be wonderful, you might be in love, you might love your career, you might have great friends, but it’s not comforting to know that this experience somehow or another doesn’t exist in a material form that you can knock on
It feels real. But the idea that it’s not, for some strange reason, disconcerting
Yes
All your hormones, all your neuro-transmitters, all these things are drugs. Adrenaline’s a drug. Dopamine is a drug. You’re a drug factory. You’re constantly changing your state with love and oxytocin and beauty
Changes your state. Great music changes your state
When do we call it, when do we call it consciousness? I was watching a video today that we played on a podcast earlier of a monkey riding a motorcycle down the street, jumps off the motorcycle and tries to steal a baby
Is that monkey conscious? It seems like it is. It seems like it had a plan. It was riding a fucking motorcycle and then jumped off the motorcycle to try to steal a baby
Yeah. It seems pretty conscious, right
Yeah. It’s not like a worm. It seems to be on another level. Yeah, and it’s going to keep going. That’s the real concern when people think about the potential future versions of human beings, especially when you consider symbiotic relationship to artificial intelligence, that will be unrecognizable
That one day will be so far removed from what this is. We’ll look back on this, the way we look back now on simple organisms that we evolved from. That it won’t be that far in the future that we do have this view back
Do you think that’s the case? As a human being, as yourself, you’re clearly trying to make conscious decisions to be a better version of you. This is the idea of like getting rid of your possessions and realizing that you’re trying to like, “I don’t like this. I will try to improve this. I would try to do a better version of the way I interface with reality.” That this is always the way things are, if you’re moving in some sort of a direction where you’re trying to improve things, you’re always going to move into this new place where you look back on the old place and go, “I was doing it wrong back then.” So this is an accelerated version of that. A super accelerated version of that
Yeah
That’s a great way of putting it. Aspire to be less wrong. But then when people look back in nostalgia about simpler times, there’s that too. It’s very romantic and exciting to look back on campfires
Yes. But will you appreciate it when you’re a super nerd? When you connect it to the grid and you have some skull cap in place of the top of your head and it’s interfacing with the international language that the rest of the universe now enjoys communication with people
I’m just worried. I mean, everyone’s always scared of change, but I’m scared of this monumental change where we won’t talk anymore. I mean that thing that you [crosstalk 00:42:53]
Yes, but there’s something about the beauty of the crudeness of language where when it’s done eloquently, it’s satisfying and it hits us in some sort of a visceral way. Like, ah, that person nailed it. I love that they nailed it. That it’s so hard to capture a real thought and convey it in a way, in this articulate way. You read a quote, a great quote by a wise person. It makes you excited that their mind figured something out, put the words together in a right way that makes your brain pop like, “Oh yes. Yes.
But the fact that a human did it too
Do you think that it will be like electronic music? Like people won’t appreciate it like they appreciate a slide guitar
I do too. Well you make it. I know you like it
Yeah, yeah, yeah
I hope it’s more fun and interesting too
I just hope we don’t lose anything along the way
Yeah. That’s the thing, right? Gaining more than we lose. Something that makes us interesting is that we’re so flawed
Yeah
Mind viral immunity, meaning that once something like Neuralink gets established, the real concern is something that, I mean you said it’s Bluetooth, right? Or some future version of that. The idea is that something could possibly get into it, fuck it up
Well I know this virus is in embedded chips, right? They’ve embedded chips and then acquired viruses
Oh, okay. Okay. Like cult thinking or some sort of fundamentalism
Well that is a problem too, right? If someone can manipulate that technology to make something appear logical or rational
Would that be an issue too, this is a very have versus have not issue. If this really does, I mean initially it’s going to help people with injuries, but you said ultimately it could lead to this spectacular cognitive change
But the people that first get it should have a massive advantage over people that don’t have it yet
Well in a capitalist society, it seems like you could really get so far ahead that before everybody else could afford this thing and link up and get connected as well. You’d be so far ahead, they can never catch you. Is that a concern
Decoupled from human. So this is the, if you can’t beat them, join them
So you feel like it’s inevitable, AI, essentially AI is essentially inevitable
Somehow or another, so it’s almost like it’s a requirement for survival to achieve some sort of symbiotic existence with AI
Why is it so disconcerting or why does it not give me comfort to think about? Like when I think about a symbiotic connection to AI, I always think of this cold, emotionless sort of thing that we will become. Is that a bad way to look at it
Phones, computers, laptops
When do you think you’re going to do it? How long will you wait? Once it starts becoming available
Right away
How do we make sure it works? We try it on prisoners? What do you do? Take rapists? Cut holes in their head
Do you ever sit down and extrapolate? Do you ever sit down and think about all the different iterations of this and what this eventually leads to
You see it coming, but when do you think it’s going to be? When you’re alone, if you have free time, I don’t know if you have free time, but if you just sit down and think about this iteration, the next onward, keep going and you drag it out with improvements along the way and leaps and bounds and technological innovations. Where do you see it? What are we going to be
20, 25 years from now? What are we going to be
A whole brain interface
What do you mean by whole brain interface
AI extension of yourself
What does that mean to you, when you say AI Extension of yourself
That’s a good way to put it. It is weird when you read someone’s tweets after they’re dead
Yeah
That’s a great way to put it. It’s like an online ghost. That’s very accurate
Whoa. Now, when you say civilization’s fragile, do you mean because of this COVID-19 shit that’s going on right now
It’s this thing, it’s like some people just get a cough
Other people it gets much worse
Yeah. Well, out of nowhere. That’s what’s crazy. It’s like you go back to November, nothing. Now here we are, December, January, February, March, April, May, six months. Totally different world. So from nothing to, everything’s locked down. There’s so much conflicting information and conflicting opinions about how to proceed. What has happened, you find things where there was a meat packing plant, I believe in Missouri where 300 plus people were asymptomatic, tested positive or asymptomatic
Then in other places it just ravages entire communities and kills people and it’s so weird. It almost appears, if you didn’t know any better, you’d be like, what? It seems like there’s a bunch of different viruses. It doesn’t seem like it’s the same thing or has a bunch of different reactions to the biological variety of people
Well, it seems to be very deadly to very specific kinds of people and people with specific problems
They didn’t think that this was the case though, when they first started to lock down the country. Do you think that it’s a situation where once they’ve proceeded in a certain way, it’s very difficult to correct course
But in some places a panic is deserved, right? Like if you’re in the ICU in Manhattan and people are dying left and right and everyone’s on intubators. It seems like when you see all these people on ventilators and so many of them are dying and you see these nurses are dying and doctors are getting sick. In some places that fear is justified, but then in other places you’re reading these stories about hospitals that are essentially half empty. They’re having to furlough doctors and nurses because there’s no work for them
Is this because they’ve decided to forgo elective procedures and normal things that people would have to go to the hospital for
Gall bladder disease, yeah, sure
Yeah, elective is a weird word
Right, right
It seems
It seems like the state of public perception is shifting
Like people are taking some deep breaths and relaxing and because of the statistics, essentially across the board it’s being recognized that it’s not as fatal as we thought it was. Still dangerous, still worse than a flu, but not as bad as we thought or we feared it could be
Do you think that the current way we’re handling this, the social distancing, the mask, the locking down, does this make sense? Is it adequate? Or do you think that we should move back to at least closer to where we used to be
Yes
Well there’s a speculation why men get it more than women because men are disgusting. We don’t wash our hands as much
It’s true, I admit it, we are all men in this room. We’re all gross
Yes we’re gross. My nine year old daughter yells at me, she goes, “Did you wash your hands?” She makes me go back and wash my hands. She’s right. Nine years old. If I had a nine year old boy do you think he would care? He wouldn’t give a fuck if I washed my hands
And awareness of potential
Spanish flu, something that attacks the immune systems of healthy people
Do you think that in a sense, the one good thing that we might get out of this is the realization that this is a potential reality? That we got lucky in the sense?, I mean people that didn’t get lucky and died, of course I’m not disrespecting their death and their loss, but I’m saying overall as a culture, as a community, as a human race, as a community, this is not as bad as it could have been. This is a good dry run for us to appreciate that we need far more resources dedicated towards understanding these diseases, what to do in the case of pandemic, and much more money that goes to funding treatments and some preventative measures
Potentially, if we act correctly
Yeah
Yeah. When you made a series of tweets recently, I don’t remember the exact wording, but essentially you were saying, “Free America now.” Like, let’s open it back
That is it? Thank you. How much do you pay attention to the response to that stuff and what was the response like? Did anybody go, “Hey man, what the fuck you doing?” Did anybody pull you aside
Who does that? Who gets to do that to you
Oh yeah. Twitter. Yeah, but I don’t read that. Do you read it
You do sometimes though, right? You do read it
Yeah
It’s something I enjoy about it. Something about the freedom of expression that comes from all these people that do attack you. It’s like, if there was no vulnerability whatsoever, they wouldn’t attack you. And it’s like there’s something about these millions and millions of perspectives that you have to appreciate, even if it comes your way, even if the shit storm hits you in the face
You got to appreciate, “Wow. How amazing is it that all these people do have the ability to express themselves?” I mean, you don’t necessarily want to be there when the shit hits you. You might want to get out of the way in anticipation of the shit storm, but the fact that so many people have the ability to reach out. And I think it’s in a lot of ways it’s a, I don’t want to say a misused resource, but it’s like giving monkeys guns
They just start, “Da, da, da.” T`hey start gunning down things that are in front of them without any realization of what they’re doing. They have a rock, they see a window, they throw it. “Whoo, look at that. I got Elon mad. Look at that. This guy got mad at me. I fucking took this person down on Twitter. I got this lady fired. Oh, the fucking business is going under because of Twitter Wars.” It seems like there’s something about it that’s this new found thing that, I don’t want to say abuse, but just, I want to say that it’s almost like you hit the button and things blow up. You’re like, “Wow, what else can we blow up?
Twitter war zone
Yeah, that’s good too. Right? Like you develop a thick skin
Right
Yeah
There’s something interesting about it too. When you write something in 280 characters and they write something, it’s such a crude way. It’s like someone sending opposing smoke signals. Your smoke signals. It’s so crude. And especially when you’re talking about something like Neuralink. You’re talking about some future potential where you’re going to be able to express pure thoughts that get conveyed through some sort of a universal language with no ambiguity whatsoever versus tweets
Right, right
It seems like it would take away some of the fun from people that know it’s sarcasm. Like if everybody knew that The Onion wasn’t, if you sent people articles. It was something about someone getting angry and an Onion article
You know what I mean? Where they don’t realize what it is. There’s something fun about that for everybody else
Do you know who Titania McGrath is? It’s Andrew Boyle. He’s a British fellow. Brilliant guy who’s been on the podcast before and he has this a fictional character, this a pseudonym Titania McGrath who’s like the ultimate social justice warrior
Yes
A female avatar that’s actually a computer conglomeration of a bunch of faces. It’s not really one person. So, one person can’t be a victim and be angry, but he’s sort of combined these faces to make this one perfect social justice warrior. But I recognized it early on before I met him. That this was parody. This was just fun. And then I love reading the people that don’t recognize that. They get angry. And there’s a lot of people that just get really furious. There’s some fun to that. There’s some fun to the not picking up on the true nature of the signal
How do you have the time
But even five minutes every couple hours, if those are bad five minutes, they might be bouncing around your head for the next 30
Did you feel the same way when CNN had that stupid shit about ventilators with you? I found that both confusing and
It was annoying
What is also annoying as a person who reads CNN and wants to think of them as a responsible conveyor of the facts. I would like to think that
I think used to be used to be
That’s a good question
Yeah
I don’t know. I don’t think there’s any pure form. My favorite places are the New York times and the LA times and I don’t trust them a hundred percent. Because also, there’s individuals that are writing these stories. And that’s seems to be the problems, these individual biases and these individual, there’s purposely distorted perceptions, and then there’s ignorantly reported facts, and there’s so many variables. And you got to put everything through this filter of, “Where’s this person coming from? Did they have political biases? Did they have social biases? Are they upset because of their own shortcomings? And are they projecting this into the story?” It’s so hard
I go with whatever Matt Taibbi says
I trust him more than anybody
Matt Taibbi is onto something. As far as investigative reporters in particular, the way he reported the savings and loan crisis, the way he reports everything. I just listened to him above most above most. He’s my go to guy
Oh, his Rolling Stone articles are amazing. His stuff on the savings and loan crisis, it’s just like, “What in the fuck?” And he’s not an economist by any stretch of the imagination. So he had to really deeply embedded himself in that world to try to understand it and to be able to report on it. And with also with a humorous flare
Yeah
There’s not that many of them. It’s hard. And not a location where like, we are no bullshit. Wearenobullshit.com like the one place where you can say, “This is what we know, this is what we don’t know. This is what we think.” Not, “This person’s wrong and here’s why.” Like, ah, God damn it. I can’t. You don’t know. There’s a lot of stuff that is open to interpretation
This particular coronavirus issue that we’re dealing with right now seems to be a great illuminator of that very fact. Is that there’s so much data. And there’s so much that’s open to interpret. There’s so many thing… because it’s all happening in real time. Right? And particularly right now in California, we’re in stage two Friday, two days from now. Stage two. Retail stores opening up
Things are changing. Like, no one knows the correct process that needs to take place to save the most amount of lives, but yet ensure that our culture and that our economy survives. It’s a lot of speculation and guessing. But if you go to certain places, they’ll tell you, “We know why, and we know this, and we know…” Oh, it’s hard
Yes
Well, I like what you said when you said that it should be a choice and that to require people to stay home, require people to not go to work, and to arrest people for trying to make a living. This all seems wrong. And I think it’s a wrong approach. It’s an infantilization of the society. That daddy’s going to tell you what to do
They’re arresting people for protesting because they’re protesting and violating social distancing, and these mandates that tell people that they have to stay home
Yeah
And again, this is not in any way disrespecting the people who have died from this disease. That’s certainly a real thing to think of
And it seems like at this point in time, particularly, our resources would be best served protecting the people that are at risk versus penalizing the people that are not at high risk for living their life the way they did, particularly having a career, and making a living, and feeding your family, paying your bills, keeping your store open, keeping your restaurant open
But that’s the thing, right? This is the argument they will bring up. You are endangering others. You should stay home for the people that that, even if you’re fine, even if you know you’re going to be okay, there’s certain people that will not be okay because of your actions. They might get exposed to this thing that we don’t have a vaccine for, we don’t have a universally accepted treatment for, and then we need to… There’s two arguments, right
One argument is we need to keep going, protect the weak, protect the sick, but let’s open up the economy. The other argument is stop placing money over human lives and let’s shelter in place until we come up with some sort of a decision and let’s figure out some way to develop some sort of a universal income, universal basic income plan, or something like that, to feed people during this time while we make this transition
But the initial thought on this virus, the real fear was that this was going to kill hundreds of thousands, if not millions of people, instantaneously in this country. It was going to do it very quickly if we didn’t hunker down, if we didn’t shelter in place, if we didn’t quarantine ourselves, or lock down. Do you think that the initial thought was a good idea based on the perception that this was going to be far more deadly than it turned out to be
Briefly
Don’t you think though, it’s difficult to filter the information that’s coming out of China. To accurately, really get a real true representation of what happened. The propaganda machine is very strong. The World Health Organization appears to have been complicit with a lot of their propaganda
Mm-hmm (affirmative)
Okay. So that’s a real statistic that’s coming from
Yeah. You know those people
Do you think there’s a danger of this… Yeah
Same folks are ther
Do you think there’s a danger of politicizing this? Where this becomes like opening up the country as Donald Trump’s, it’s his goal and then anything he does, there’s people that are going to oppose it and come up with some reasons why he’s wrong, particularly in this climate, where as we’re leading up to November and the 2020 elections. Do you think that this is a real danger in terms of public’s perception that Trump wants to open it up so they knee jerk oppose it because they oppose Trump
Do you think it’s one of those things where once we’ve gone in this certain direction, it’s very difficult to make a correction? Make an adjustment to realize like, okay, we thought it was one thing. It’s not good, but it’s not what we thought it was going to be. It’s not what we feared, so let’s back up, and reconsider, and let’s do this publicly and say we were acting based on the information that we had initially. That information appears to be faulty and here’s how we move forward while protecting civil liberties, while protecting what essentially this country is founded on, which is a very agreed upon amount of freedom that we respect and appreciate
Yes
Is that real
Not that bad, but heart attacks, strokes
Cancer
Why would they do that though
What the way out of this? What do you think is, if you had the president’s ear, or if people wanted to just listen to you openly, what do you think is the way out of this
Yeah. I’ve read all this stuff about them diagnosing people as a Covid death despite other variables
And where are you reading this from? Where are you getting this from
Right. But this is unprecedented, right? If someone had the flu but also had a heart attack, they would assume that that person died of a heart attack
Yeah. So this is unprecedented. Is this because this is such a popular, I don’t want to use that word the wrong way, but that’s what I mean, popular subject? And financial incentives
Yeah
Right. There’s so many different things that you could attribute to Covid, too. There’s so many symptoms. There’s diarrhea, headaches, dehydration, cough
The clarity of information will certainly help, but altering perceptions, public perception, from people that are basically in a panic, there’s a lot of, essentially, well, at least a month ago
…there’s a lot of, essentially… Well at least a month ago, we’re clearly in a panic. I mean, when you look around April 5th, April 6th, people were really freaking out. But here we are May, and May people are relaxing a little bit
They’re realizing like, “Hey, I actually know a couple of people that got it. It was just a cough,” and I know some people that got it where nothing happened
It’s not what we feared. We feared something much worse
So the adjustment’s difficult to make. So you said, first of all we need real data. We need
Of course. Yeah, it’s a good point
So was it quantified? Was it
Right. It’s not as simple as just because you had COVID, covert, killed you
Right
Yeah
Well, that’s what’s so weird about this
It’s so popular and I use that word in a weird way, but it’s so popular that we’ve kind of forgotten people die of pneumonia every day
People die of… The flu didn’t take a break. “Oh, COVID’s got this. I’m going to sit this one out. I’m going to be on the bench. I’m going to wait until COVID’s done before I jump back into the game of killing people.” No, the flu is still here killing people
Yeah
Right
61,000 in this country last year
And then there’s cigarettes
That’s a weird one. Right? We’re terrified of this disease that we’re projected. It could potentially kill 100,000 if not 200,000 Americans this year. But With cigarettes kill 500,000 and you don’t hear a peep out of any politician. There’s no one running for Congress that’s trying to ban cigarettes. There’s no one running for Senate that wants to put some education plan in place that’s going to stop cigarettes in their tracks
Oh, I saw that
What is the number for Tylenol every year
Wow
Wow
Curtains is a funny word
Yeah. It’s weird. Acceptable deaths are weird. And that’s the slippery slope about this. People shaming people for wanting to go back to work. “And other people are going to die.” Well, if you drive, do you drive? [inaudible 01:37:40] you should stop driving because people die from driving. So you, you definitely should fill up all the swimming pools because like 50 people die every day in this country from swimming. So let’s not swim anymore
We need to chop down all the coconut trees
Coconuts kill 150 people every year
Cut down all the coconut trees. We need those people
It’s, at a certain point in time, it’s… Yeah, we’re vulnerable and also, we have a finite existence no matter what
Right
Yeah
Yes
I don’t read my own comments, but I do read other people’s comments. And I was reading this one little Twitter beef that was going on where someone was saying that COVID takes an average of 10 years off people’s lives and we should appreciate those 10 years. And then someone else said
I’m sure it’s not true
It’s the Twitter, it’s the world
But someone else said “The average age of people who die from COVID is older than the average age people die.
That’s a beautiful way of looking at it. I mean it’s unfortunate. It sucks, but it sucks if grandpa dies of Alzheimer’s or emphysema or leukemia. It sucks. It sucks when someone you love dies
Give it to grandpa
And I think there is some true objective understanding of the immune system and the ways to boost that immune system. And I really think that information should be distributed in a way, a nonjudgmental way, but like, “Look, this is a scientifically proven way that we can boost our immune system and it might save your life and it might save the life of your loved ones.” And maybe we could teach this to our grandparents and our parents and people that are vulnerable, vitamin C, heat shock proteins, all these different variables that we know contribute to a stronger immune system
The New York hospital said it was the number one factor for severe COVID symptoms was obesity. That was the number one factor
But it’s also, we live in a world where people want to be sensitive to other people’s feelings
So they don’t want to bring up the fact that being fat’s bad for you. It’s a judgmental on your
Yeah
I do love food
Yeah. Those moments of enjoying a great meal
And then even talking about it, they’re valuable. They’re worth something. Yeah. We don’t want to eat Soylent Green and live to be 160
It really is. Yeah. It’s an art form as well
It’s like fine food, it’s a delicious sandcastle. It’s temporary. It doesn’t last very long. But there’s something about it that’s very pleasing
Yeah. And I think, regulated feeding windows, really the way to go, some sort of an intermittent fasting approach
When I started doing that, I found myself to be quite a bit healthier. When I’ve deviated from that I’ve gained weight
16 hours
I like 16 hours. Yeah
Yeah. So I get to a certain point and then I count out, I usually hit the stopwatch on my phone and then I look at 15 hours, and I’m like “Oh, okay. Got an hour before I can eat.
And so anything in between that is just water or coffee
Some of the biggest mistakes I’ve ever made. I’ve done that, particularly after comedy shows, if I’m starving, I’ll come home and I’ll eat. And then I go to bed and I just feel like shit and I wake up in the middle of the night
Yes
Booze, drinking booze
I put it in the same category as delicious food. It kind of makes things a little more fun. I like it
For sure, yeah
Do you have time to exercise
Do you have a trainer or anything
What do you like to do exercise wise
Right. Yeah. That’s a good thing to do. Watch a good movie or episode of Black Mirror or something like that, it’s great
Well don’t watch Black Mirror today. It’s too fucking accurate
Yeah. They’re too close
Well even… Jamie, didn’t you say that the guy who makes Black Mirror-  Jamie:   Today at… Oh my Mic’s off. Yeah he said it’s not a good time to start season six
Yeah, he wants to hold off because reality
…is black mirror
It’s like he’s going to have to reassess and attack it from a different angle. you should try something that’s fun to do. That’s not just, like learn a martial art or something like that
Did you? What’d you do
Oh, alright, cool
Oh, so you really branched out
Did you? Where
Really
Oh no shit. I was going to suggest that. That’s a great thing for people. That’s a thing about jujitsu, if you look at it from the outside you think, “Oh bunch of meatheads strangling each other.
But they’re some of the smartest people I know, are jujitsu fiends because, first of all, they get introduced to it because usually either they want to exercise or learn some self-defense, but then they realize that it’s essentially like a language with your body. Like you’re having an argument with someone with some sort of a physical language. And it’s really complex and the more access to vocabulary and the sharper your words are, the more you’ll succeed in these ventures. That’s really an accurate analogy of what jujitsu is
Technique
It was what martial arts were supposed to be, when we were kids. When you saw Bruce Lee fuck-up all these big giant guys. Like, “Wow, martial arts allow you to beat someone far bigger and stronger than you.
Most of the time that’s not real
Yes. But in the UFC, when Royce Gracie, off of his back, was strangling Dan Severn with his legs. You’re like, “Holy shit, this guy’s being pinned by this big giant wrestler, and he wraps his legs around his neck, and chokes him to the point that guy has to surrender.” Amazing
Well, he definitely had some rough fights
He won. Yeah. He’s a legend. But what it showed, I mean I’m a huge lover of jujitsu, what it showed is that there is a method for diffusing these situations with technique and knowledge. And I think it’s also a great way to exercise too because it’s almost like the exercise is secondary to the learning of the thing. The exercise is like you want to develop strength and conditioning just so that you could be better at doing the thing. And the analogy that I use is, imagine if you had a race car and you could actually give the race car better handling and more horsepower just from your own focus and effort. That’s really what it’s like
Yeah. When am I going to be able to
Oh, really
Oh, that’s awesome
It’s a great thing to learn. It really is
Yeah. Maybe something like… mean even if you just have someone who holds the pads for you, you could get a workout in and it’d be fun
When am I going to be able to buy one of them roadsters? When’s that happening
I’m sure
But Roadster comes before cyber truck
Interesting
I’m not mad at that
I wanted to ask you about this before I forgot. There’s a company that’s called Apex is taking your Teslas and they’re giving it a wider base and wider tires and a little bit more advanced suspension
How do you feel about that
Do you work with them? Are you cool with those people
They’re jazzing stuff up with carbon fiber and doing a bunch of interior choices. You’re cool with… You can’t fuck with that. You don’t have time. So is it good that someone comes along and has that sort of specialty operation
That’s what it’s called, right? It’s like… Jamie, is it called Apex?  Jamie:   Yeah. I got a Unplugged Performance S-APEX
That’s right. Unplugged Performance. Yeah
Have you seen that company’s stuff? What they do
It’s pretty dope. They make it pretty dope looking… They take model S and they widen it and give it a bunch of carbon fiber. That’s it, right there
Ooh-la-la, look at that
Yeah, it does. Now, the plaid version of the model S, are you going to widen the track and do a bunch of different, I know you guys are testing at the Nurburgring. Can you not talk about that
I understand
I understand. Last time you were here you convince me to buy a Tesla. I bought it and it’s fucking insane
Aw Man
I don’t… It’s not just pretty fun. The way I’ve described it is, it makes other cars seem stupid. They just seem dumb. And I love dumb things. I love dumb cars. Like I love campfires. I love campfires. I have a 1993 Porsche that’s air cooled
It’s not that fast. It’s really slow compared to the Tesla really
But there’s something engaging about the mechanical, just like the gears and, it’s very analog. But it’s so stupid in comparison to the Tesla. Like when I want to go somewhere in the model S, I hit the gas and it just goes, whee. It just, it like violates time
Yeah
Oh yeah
Yeah. Oh yeah
Oh Jesus
Right
It’s so… I’ve taken so many people. And, I take them for the Holy shit moment. I’m like, “You ready?” like “Hang on there.” and then I stomp on the gas
It’s confusing
It really is
The instant torque and just the sheer acceleration is baffling
It’s baffling
No
It’s crazy. It’s so fast. It’s a roller coaster. And my family yells at me when I stomp the gas. Like I tell my kids, I’m like, “You want to feel it? You want to feel it?” they’re like “Do it, do it, do it.” my wife’s like, “Don’t do it.” Boom. And even if I just do it on the highway for a couple of seconds, it’s very exciting
It’s very fun
It really is like a roller coaster on tap. Without the loop de loops. But, the pinning to your seat, it seems like you’re not supposed to be able to experience that from some sort of a consumer vehicle that a regular person could buy, if you have the money. It seems too crazy. And then the idea that this Roadster is a half of a second faster than that? That’s madness
Oh, I’ve read about that. Explain that. Like what do you
Unfair
Oh, but sure, well anything that goes 0 to 60, what is it 1.9? Is that the 0 to 60
What’s the top of the food chain model
Okay. Faster than that. Let’s just say faster than that
That seems so crazy to me. Now, what was it like when the dude threw the steel balls at the window and they were supposed to not break, and it broke
I know, extenuating circumstances
Yeah. You didn’t get mad though
You didn’t Steve jobs it
Oh, yeah
So in hindsight
It didn’t go through
That’s true. It didn’t shatter the whole thing, like a regular window would either, which would just dissolve. Right? So in hindsight, the ball should have been first, sledgehammer second
You live, you learn
Listen, man, we’ve taken up a lot of your time. You had a child recently
It’s amazing that you had the time to come down here. And I really appreciate that. I appreciate everything you do, man. I’m glad you’re out there. And I really appreciate you coming down here and sharing your perspective
Thank you. My pleasure
Elon Musk, ladies and gentlemen. Good night
