ree, two, one, boom. Hello, Jack. 
ce to meet you, man. 
ah. Keep this sucker like a fist from your face. 
od. First of all. dude, you started a company. When you started Twitter, when you guys first started, did you have any idea -- Well, there's no way you could have had any idea what it would be now. 
t one of the things I always try to emphasize with people when people are like, "Twitter's crazy," I'm like, "How could it not be crazy? There's never been anything like it before." Like imagine trying to predict the kind of impact -- The President of the United States uses Twitter to threaten other countries. 
mean, who the fuck saw that coming? 
body saw that coming. 
at did you think it was going to be when you first did it? 
ke a group text almost? 
remember that. I remember Odeo. 
s anybody figured out when the first use of hashtag something was created? 
ah. The use of hashtags, like looking up #Fryfest or hashtag -- Anytime that something weird that's in the news, that's such a unique way to find things. But to go on Twitter and to utilize that, it's -- I mean, it's interesting that this guy just did it just to contact his brother. 
, different guy. 
at's fascinating to me about something like Twitter or even something like YouTube is that there's not a lot of other ones like it. There's just this one thing. 
ke how does that happen..
. where this one thing sort of gets adopted by everybody and takes over, and then just becomes these overwhelmingly massive platform? I mean, there's really -- Here's Vimeo and there's a few other videos services, but nothing on the scale of YouTube. And that's the same thing with Twitter. There's nothing on the scale of distributing information in a quick, short, 280-character form like that. 
ll, it also gets to some really deep places psychologically. There's a weirdness to it, right? There's a weirdness to..
. sending text particularly @anonymously, and there's so many accounts that are just an egg. 
ere's so many accounts where they're clearly designed. Like sometimes, someone will twit something mean to me, and I'm like, "Hmm, I wonder what this person's up to?" So, I go to their site, and it's just them tweeting mean shit at people all day long. Like it's probably some angry person at work, and they're like, "I'm just going to find people and fuck with them all day." 
d you realize or when did you realize -- I'm sure you're aware of it. When did you realize that this was almost out of your control in terms of the scale of it? 
w, when this is all happening, what's the conversation like at Twitter? When you're recognizing that this is happening, that people are gaming the system, like, what do -- How do you guys -- How do you mitigate it? What's the discussion? 
t what is the conversation like while you're at work? Like when you're realizing that all this stuff is happening, and you're realizing that, now -- I mean, particularly, because the president uses it so often. It's such a -- I mean, it's his preferred platform for communicating with the people, I mean, even more so than addresses. It's very strange. 
at's the conversation like in the office when you're trying to figure out, "Hey, what's our responsibility here? Like, how are we supposed to handle this? How do we-" I mean, in some ways, what Twitter is doing is it's really kind of -- it's flavoring the public narrative. It's flavoring the way we communicate with each other in our culture worldwide. 
t what I'm trying to get at was like, okay, when things come up, like, say, if you find out that there's people from ISIS that are using Twitter, and they're using Twitter and posting things, like, what is the conversation like? How do -- What do we do about this? Do we leave this up? Do we recognize this is free speech? Do we only take it down if they're calling for murder or hate speech? Like, what -- How do you handle that? 
at was the initial reaction to it? So, once you realized that people from ISIS were making Twitter accounts, and they were trying to recruit people, and doing all these things, what was the thought process? 
ah. 
body has. I mean, you're essentially pioneers. 
ght. 
ah. 
ve you ever read them? 
u've read your own. 
ve you read Facebook's? 
ah. You..
u're not on it? 
w. Fuck Facebook, right? No, I'm just kidding. What about Instagram, you've read theirs? 
ally? 
ah, that's what I'm saying, even you. 
ght. 
t is it above just because it's listed second? I mean, they're essentially all in the same one sheet. 
en you bring it up, when you discuss it first, is that really critical? They're all part of the Terms of Service. 
ght. 
ght. 
, physical threats. 
xxing. 
, what do you do, like, here's a good for instance. This situation with this young kid who had the MAGA hat on, and the Native American gentleman who was in front of him banging the drum. And then, people are calling for this kid's name. They want his name, they want his address, including Kathy Griffin. Like, how do you handle something like that? 
cause that's essentially request for doxxing. 
s. That's one of the most fascinating news cycles or stories in the news cycle in quite a while because it's nuanced. There's many different levels to it. 
d a lot of like really knee-jerk reactions. 
w did you help it? 
t is that how some of the dynamics of the service or is it the way people choose to use the service? Like, if you are a thoughtful person, you wouldn't just -- Like, for instance, the original image that was distributed came from an account that's now banned, right? And so, it was discovered that that account was a troll account. How does that happen? And what was the thought process behind that? Because the image that they posted was a legitimate image. It really did happen. It was a part of an actual occurring event. So, why did you ban the person or the troll account that put it up? 
w do you know? Do you know because of IP addresses? Do you know because of the..
ah. 
ah, give everybody mushrooms. It's probably the only way. I don't know. How are you going to get people to be more considerate? I mean, what..
mean, this is essentially your engineering social behavior, right? 
oviding more context. How so? 
ay. 
gel Farage. 
sy for anyone to follow..
. outside of perspective. 
at's interesting to me is the difference between Twitter and Instagram. Essentially, it's not just the photographs. What's weird that has happened was there's shitty people on Instagram as well. I mean, there's a lot of arguments and things along those lines, but they don't overwhelm the initial post; whereas, with Twitter..
ah. 
t not just that. It's difficult to follow the conversations. 
ll, sometimes, there is. Sometimes, people are going back and forth about a particular subject that's discussed in the initial post, but it's not very clear. 
ereas with Twitter, it's only conversational. 
t even if there's a photograph, even if somebody posts a photograph on Twitter and has conversation under it, the photograph seems to be lack of secondary importance. 
ah. 
ght. 
ah. My friend, Kurt Metzger, likes that about Facebook. He says because in Twitter, he goes, "I post something, and then all these fucking morons post something." And he goes -- You know Kurt, he's very animated. He's like, "And their shit looks just like my shit. It's all together, all piled up." He goes, "But if I post something on Facebook," he goes, "I have this whole thing. Like this is the original statement." 
d then, underneath it, yeah, you fucking say whatever you want, but no one's no one's reading. 
ke they're reading the original initial post, and it's clear that there's a differentiation between the initial post and the secondary post. 
ght. 
s. 
ah. Also, text is so limited. I mean, it's great for just getting on actual facts, but it's..
ght. 
ll, how so? How is it different than a post on Instagram or a post on Facebook? 
mposing a letter. 
t, oftentimes, people do compose it as a letter, and they break it up into separate 280-character posts. 
at was the thought process in going from 140 to 280? Because the one thing that I liked about 140 is you can't be verbose. 
u can't just ramble and, you know, like, it's great for comics because it forces us to write jokes like with the economy of words. 
ght, because the words are so long. 
e you not bigger than Facebook in America? 
at the fuck? I don't even use Facebook. Sorry, Facebook. 
mean, I use it in terms of if I post something on Instagram, it goes to Facebook. 
t when I go to Facebook, it just seems like a lot of -- Well, this does seem like Twitter too, a lot of arguing. But Twitter seems to be more fun, if that makes any sense. Even though there's a lot of chaos, when something -- One of my favorite things is when someone posts something stupid, and then underneath it is a bunch of GIFs. Do we says GIFs or GIFs? How do you say GIF? Does anybody know?    Male Ask him. 
w do you say? 
bunch of GIFs that are hilarious. 
ke I was just mocking someone relentlessly. Like that is one of my favorite things about Twitter. When someone, like Donald Trump posts something ridiculous, and then I'll go, and I'll look at the responses, like, "Baaaa." How do you care? 
s. 
ack sports. 
at's Jaime's. Jaime loves black Twitter. 
s. 
re. 
ah. 
ah. I got to a certain point where I couldn't read replies anymore. I just, "Hmm." It's just -- Not that it's that toxic. The vast majority of interactions I have with people are super positive. 
mean, absolutely like more than 99%. But it's -- I didn't -- I don't have time, and I don't have time to be constantly responding to people. And it just didn't -- The sheer numbers. I think when I got around 3 million-ish followers I'm like, "I can't do this anymore." It's just it's overwhelming. Like I don't have the resources. 
ah, sometimes. 
t then, you might miss something groovy. 
at I used to do a lot, I would go through my mentions. And when people would essentially use that as almost a news aggregator. I'll go through my mentions that people would post cool stories, and I would retweet those. And so, because people knew that I would retweet them, they would send me a lot of cool stuff. So, because of that, because it's reciprocating, I got a lot of really cool stuff sent my way. 
ah. And I reinforced it. I just I wanted to thank people for posting cool stuff, and they love the fact they would get a retweet. And so, they would send me like interesting science stories or, you know, very bizarre nature stories. And I'd just be retweeting them all the time. Go to -- But then, after a while, I'm like, "This is a lot of time." It's a lot of time. So, now, essentially, what I do is I just post something and I'm just kind of like, "Ugh." I just walk away. 
ah. 
think that happens a lot. 
at happens a lot. 
pending on who you follow. 
ah. 
e's amazing. Yeah. 
s. 
ght. 
. Well, yeah, it's not the experience for everyone, and it's not really -- I don't think it's what everyone wants either. Sometimes, people just like to go on there and talk shit. 
mean, someone that's trapped in a cubicle right now, and they just want to go in there, and get in arguments about gun control or, you know, whether or not Nancy Pelosi is the devil. And this is..
is is what -- You know, it serves a purpose for them. 
e thing that gets strange though is who's to decide. You know, there's this concept -- There's a discussion, I should say, where some people believe that things like Twitter, or Facebook, or any forum where you're having a public discussion should be considered almost like a public utility. Like anyone has access to the electric power. Even if you are -- You know, even if you're a racist, you still can get electricity. And some people think that you should have that same ability with something like Twitter or the same ability with something like Instagram. Obviously, this is -- We're in uncharted territory. And you..
u are in uncharted territory. 
st no one has been there before. So, who makes the distinctions? When you see someone that it's saying something that you might think is offensive to some folks but not offensive to the person who's saying it, maybe the person who's saying it feels like they need to express themselves, and this is important to say, and how do you decide whether or not this is a valid discussion, or if this is "hate speech," which is -- You know there's some things that are hate speech, and there's sometimes people who use the term hate speech, and it's just a cheap way to shut down a conversation. 
ght. 
, what do you do if, like, say -- Let's say there's someone in the media. Let's say it's a prominent feminist. And then, you have a bunch of people or let's say just one person, and their Twitter feed is overwhelmingly attacking this prominent feminist. Just constantly a tagger, calling her a liar, calling her this, calling her that. When do you decide this is harassment? When do you decide this is hate speech? Like, how do you -- I mean, this is..
is is a fictional account, right? 
ctional person we're talking about. But in this for instance, what would dictate something that was egregious enough for you to eliminate them from your platform? 
ght. 
d this is manually done or this..
's automated? 
t how would you know? 
ght. Like in terms of down-ranking, is there a discussion as to whether or not this person's reply should be down-ranked? How do you figure that out? 
oa. So, it's AI? 
, Christ. 
es that feel like censorship to you, like automated censorship? Because, I mean, who is to decide other than people whether or not something is valid? 
e conduct. 
ay. 
ou'll see every single tweet. We don't touch it. Right? 
ght. 
ke, there was -- What was the instance with Ari? I should text him right now, get him to answer me in real time. But Ari Shaffir got kicked off Twitter because he said something to Bert like, "Bert, I'm going to fucking kill you." Bert Kreischer, being our good friend, all of us are good friends, and he's like, "You fucking dummy, I want to kill you," or something like that.    Male He took his record albums. He said like, "I'm going to steal and break them all." He jokingly got mad. 
ght, right, right.    Male That's Ari though. 
rt was -- I think it was all bullshit, right?    Male Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. 
don't mean Bert really stole his records.    Male Yeah, yeah, yeah. He kept them. Yeah, he gave them back to him eventually. 
ah.    Male Yeah. 
's like< "I'm going to fucking kill you." 
ght. 
 Bert needs to keep his fucking greasy hands off Aris' records, right? 
ah. 
w, when you say amplify the messages that you deemed to be more positive, right, like how do you decide that? 
ople decide. 
t, sometimes, it's really negative. Like, sometimes, the people that are engaging in it, engaging, they're attacking someone. So, is that valuable, or is it just unfortunate? 
ght. 
e you constantly aware of how much this is changing society, and that you are one of the four or five different modalities that are radically changing society? Whether it's Facebook, or Instagram, or any of these social media companies, it's radically changing the way people communicate with each other. There's a giant impact on the way human beings talk and see each other. And the way we process ideas and the way we distribute information is unprecedented. There's never been anything like that before. And you setting up something that you think it's going to be a group chat. 
 you member the early days when you would say like "@Jack is going to the movies." You would say it. Like, that's how we would say it. I would say "@JoeRogan is on his way to dinner." 
at's how people would do it. 
's fucking -- it was weird..
. that somewhere along the line, that morphed, and it's..
at's what they wanted to do with it. 
ah. 
, it's a pathway for thinking. Just a pathway for people to get their thoughts out, but a really -- a powerful one, an unprecedented method of distributing information. It's really nothing ever been like this before. 
think about it because -- Well, I think about it because it's just a hugely, significant thing. But I also think about it because of podcasts because podcasts are in a similar way. Just no one saw it coming, and the people that are involved in it are like, "What the fuck are we doing?" 
ke me, I'm like, "What am I doing? What is this?". 
ke, for me, it's like, "Oh boy, I get to talk to guys like Ben Greenfield, and Jonathan Haidt, and all these different people to learn some stuff." And I've clearly learned way more from doing this podcast than I ever would have learned without it. No doubt about it, unquestionably. But I didn't fucking plan this. 
, now, all the sudden, there's this signal that I'm sending out to millions and millions of people. And then, people are like, "Well, you have a responsibility." I'm like, "Oh great." Well, I didn't want that. I didn't want a responsibility to what I distribute. I just want to be able to have a freak show, just talk to people, like whatever. There's certain people that I have on whether it's Alex Jones or anyone that's controversial where people will get fucking mad. "Why are you giving this person a platform?" I go, "Okay. Hmm, I didn't think about it that way and, and I don't think that's what I'm doing. I think I'm talking to people and you can listen." 
t it's giving that person a platform because they're saying, "Well, no, they'll tone down." Like Milo Yiannopoulos, that was one of the arguments people gave me. Like he toned down his platform when he was on your show, so you could get more people to pay attention to him. I'm like, "Okay, but he also talked about-" That was one of the reasons why he was exposed was my show because he talked about that it's okay to have sex with underaged boys if they're gay because there was like a mentor relationship between the older gay man and the younger, and people were like, "What the fuck are you talking about?" 
d that was a big part of why he's been removed from the public conversation. That was one of the things. And then, there's the discussion like, "Well, what is that? What is removing someone from the public conversation? If someone is very popular, and they have all these people that like to listen to them, what is the responsibility of these platforms, whether it's YouTube, or Twitter, or anyone. What is their responsibility to decide whether or not someone should or shouldn't be able to speak?" 
d this is a thing that I've been struggling with, and it bounced around inside my own head, and I see that you guys struggle with it, and pretty much everyone does. Youtube does. And it is a hugely significant discussion that is left to a very relatively small amount of people. And this is why this discussion of what is social media? Is it something and everybody has a right to, or is it something that should be restricted to only people that are willing to behave and carry themselves in a certain way? 
eryone has a right to, but you still ban people. Let's say like, Alex Jones. you guys were the last guys to keep Alex Jones on the platform. You were the last ones. 
d I believe you hung in there until he started harassing you personally, right? 
 came to your house, he begged. 
, okay. 
ght. And people, I think, would have assumed that we would just have followed suit, but he didn't violate our Terms of Service. 
ght. 
, what you're saying -- So, like, let's use it in terms of like him saying that Sandy Hook was fake. He did not say that on the platform. He did not say that on Twitter. He only said that on his show. 
at did he do? 
, what did he do on your platform that was like -- that you all were in agreement that this is enough? 
ght. Like a good instance is what's going on with Patreon. I'm sure you're aware of the Sargon of Akkad thing. He did a podcast a long time ago, I believe six months or so ago, where he used the N-word, and the way he used it is actually against white nationalists. And he also said a bunch of other stuff, and they decided, Patreon decided that what he said on a podcast was enough for them to remove him from the platform, even though he didn't do anything on their platform that was egregious. And, also, they had previously stated that they were only judging things that occurred on their platform. 
ere's been a giant blow back because of that because people are saying, "Well, now you're essentially policing, and not based on his actions, just on concepts and the communication that he was using, the way he was talking. You're eliminating him from being able to make a living, and that you're doing this because he does not fit into your political paradigm. The way you want to view the world, he views the world differently. This is an opportunity for you to eliminate someone who you disagree with." 
ght. 
at has been the one thing that came up that was perhaps the most controversial? Like I know my friend, Sam Harris, was trying to get you guys to ban Donald Trump and saying if you follow your Terms of Service..
's a fascinating guy, Sam Harris. I love him to death. But what he was trying to do was like saying, "Hey, he's threatening nuclear war." Like, he's saying, "Hey, Korea, my bombs are bigger than your bombs. Like what else does the guy have to do to get you to remove him from the platform?" When you guys saw that, what was your reaction to that? Was there an internal discussion about actually banning the President United States? 
s. 
d essentially, it all..
s. 
ll, it's very important to see how someone uses that platform. And when someone uses it the way he uses it, and then becomes president, and continues to use it that way that's when people are like, "What?" 
ah. 
ah. I mean, he likes to insult people on Twitter. It's fun for him. 
's just I never thought he would keep doing it. I thought once he became president, maybe just lock it down, try to do a good job for the country. And then, after four years or eight years, just go back to his old self, "Fuck you, fuck the world, fuck this," but no. He's just -- It's just, in one way, it's hilarious. See, as a comedian, I think it's awesome because it's so hilariously stupid. It's so preposterous that he even has the time to talk about Jeff Bezos' affair, and the fact that he got caught with the National Inquirer getting text messages and calls him Jeff Bozo like, "Don't you have shit to do man?" 
t as a comedian, I am a gigantic fan of folly, almost against my better judgment. I like watching. I like watching disasters. I like watching chaos. When I see nonsense like that, I'm like, "Oh Jesus". I'm drawn like a moth to a flame. But on the other part of me is like. "Man, this sets a very bizarre tone for the entire country," because -- one of things about Obama, like Obama or hate Obama because he was very measured, very articulate, obviously, very well-educated. And I think that that aspect of his presidency was very good for all of us because he represented something that was of a very high standard in terms of his ability to communicate, his access to words, the way he measured his words, and held himself. I think that's good for us. Like yeah..
ah. It's like, "Look at that guy. He's talking better than me, That's why he's the president." But when you see Trump, you're like, "He doesn't talk better than me. He doesn't use Twitter better. He's not -- He's just this fucking mad man." 
s. 
actly. 
0%. That's my point. That's my point is like that this is this weird gray area where I think, overall, I definitely support your decision to not ban him for violating your Terms of Service. Like we need to know. 
u know, and it's -- How do you know how many accounts are bots? How do you know how many accounts are from a Russian troll farm? 
ke how do you know that? 
, how do you use that because face ID not really available? Is it available to you guys? You just leaked something you shouldn't have told me? 
's like Apple Pay, you can use it for that, so. 
w, is Apple willing to share that with you. I mean, when you're talking about biometrics, fingerprints, or face ID 
at there's individual user. 
ght. 
at's what you want me to think. I know, yeah. 
ght. Right, sure. Has there ever been any consideration to not allowing people to post anonymously? 
ke what you said earlier about journalists and whistleblowers, that is political. 
ght. 
don't know because I don't go there, but for what I understand, there's a lot of -- still, a lot of arguing there. 
lot of political arguing. A lot of old people. 
think, older. It's like older, in general. 
's a lot of grannies looking at pictures of their kids, grandkids, and stuff. 
guing about ignorance. 
ll..
en you saw Zuckerberg testifying, and realizing like how this platform is being used, and what are the dangers of this, and then you see these senators that really don't know what the fuck the technology is or..
 really highlights how we're entering this..
ally, yeah. Well, not just a gap. A gap and the critical understanding of how these things work, and what they are in terms of like how these really important politicians who are the ones who are making these decisions as to whether or not someone has violated laws, or whether or not something should be curbed or regulated. 
ah. 
 few people do. 
ght. 
at do you mean by level the playing field? 
, okay. So, like anybody..
. can have a Twitter account. 
ere do you see this going? When you look at these, kind of, emerging technologies, not necessarily emerging anymore, established now, but still, you know, a new thing in relative terms of human history, where do you see this going? And does it get more intrusive? Does it get deeper into our lives? Like what -- And when you look at new technologies like augmented reality and things along those lines. do you see new possibilities and new things that make things even more complicated? 
ght. 
, you, in many ways, see Twitter as having some sort of a social responsibility in this discussion. 
at do you do though to balance the conversation, or what responsibility do you think you have to balance a conversation in terms of the way conservatives view it versus the way liberals and progressives view it. 
mean, is there a responsibility? Do you have a responsibility, or is it just leave it up to the people and let them figure it out, the same way they figured out hashtags and everything else? 
sier. How so? 
nture outside of their bubble. 
ght. 
w do you do that though? 
..
, there's something like Brexit or something. So, if you go to #Brexit, you're going to get the whole conversation. You're going to get the pros, the cons, the left, the right, the whole deal, the centrists. You're going to get everybody versus following the people that you already follow that agree with what you think. 
t people search hashtags. They do search hashtags, right? 
ey don't? 
shtags can be corrupted too. I mean, people..
ah. 
ah, I..
took over #vegancat. Go to #vegancat. 
's a rap. That's mine now. In my last Netflix special about a woman who said a bunch of horrible things to me because I've put a picture up on Instagram of some deer meat. I wrote, "This is a meat from a deer that like to kick babies. It was about to join ISIS." And I wrote #vegan, which was the mistake, right, to write #vegan. But the #vegan people went fucking crazy and came after me because I entered into their timeline with meat. 
ve you got a #vegancat? It's all either pictures of -- See. Like it says
right, "Thank you. I haven't laughed that hard in a while #vegancat." It's people that are feeding their fucking cat vegan food, and they're all dying. And in the special, I say, "Every cat looks like it's living in a house with a gas leak." Like they're all..
. like laying like, "Where the fuck is the real food?" But this is real. Like this..
t the thing is if someone does something like that, like you can -- like pick a person, you know, whatever that person is, whatever they're doing, if they have a hashtag that they utilize all the time for their movement or whatever, someone could mock them, and then use that. And if it's a public figure or someone who's got a prominent voice, then, all of a sudden, that hashtag becomes -- People just take it over and start mocking them..
. with that hashtag. 
s. 
w sick did that cat look?    Male Amazing. 
at poor fucking cat. That was a real one. That was a real #vegancat. 
ese poor bastards. So, when you look back at emerging social media, like we go all the way back to MySpace, right. MySpace, you got Tom. Tom was sitting there, and you're in your top eight, and, you know, people would like post music that they liked, and it was never political. It was very -- often, very surfaced. And for comics, it was a great way to promote shows, and it was an interesting way to see things. But it was like the seed that became Twitter or Facebook or any of these. 
m, ICQ. 
ah, yeah, yeah. 
. 
studio right now," that is cool. I don't need my computer. I'm not bound to this, chained to this desk. I can do it from anywhere. 
ght. 
w, when you look at this sort of metamorphosis or this evolution between those initial social media, whether it's AOL, Instant Messenger, that eventually became like ICQ, what was that one that we would use, that gamers would use, that it was like a livestream..
. message board. No. It was like...  Male For a while, people were using TeamSpeak, but I don't know..
, no, it wasn't. It wasn't that.    Male ... if that's on your plan that's more recent. 
 wasn't that. It wasn't TeamSpeak. It was -- Like you would go there, and share files and stuff, and people would go -- Like if Ice play a lot of online video games..
d we play on teams, and we have teams go play other teams, and he would use this sort of -- It was like a -- It wasn't a message board because it was all in real time. What the fuck was it called?    Male OnLive? 
.    Male No? Okay. 
l right, forget it.    Male Yeah, sorry. 
yway, guys would go there, and you could send people files through it. 
d, you know, teams would go and meet, and it would be a chat, like an online chat..
. that would be in real time. 
C is what I was talking about. 
ah. That's the one. 
ah. 
ah. 
at's -- What's interesting about that is you could see people typing. You see it occurring in real time. You see it popping up in real time. 
u know. Just I wonder like, what is the next evolution of this? Because no one saw anything going from ICQ to Twitter. No one saw anything going from that to Instagram, and to where we're at right now where it really does flavor the conversation of our entire culture. I mean, before, it was just a thing that was happening, that was happening on people's computers. 
w, it's a thing that's happening on people's computers. And, now, phones. And, now, your whole life. It's a very different influence. 
d I wonder because everything does accelerate. 
ings constantly move forward and become more and more integrated into our life experience. And I wonder, what is the next stage of this? 
en you think of something like gab, like gab seems to be a response to the fact that some people are getting banned from other platforms, and they're just allowing anybody to come on say and anything they want. 
e downside of that is, of course, the most horrible people are gonna be able to say anything they want with no repercussions. The good side is anybody can say whatever they want. 
 what basis? 
at do they suspend accounts for? Do you know? 
obably, right? 
w, you, as a CEO, as a guy who's running this thing, what has this been, this experience been like for you? Because I've got to imagine that it wasn't anything that you predicted. No one predicted Twitter, right? 
, to, all the sudden, have this responsibility..
d you're a young guy. How old are you? 
at's young to be in control of that much, and to have it over the time of -- What has it been? 11 years? 
 years. 
ah. So, you were really fucking young. 
ke what has that been like for you? 
ah. 
 there any consideration to expanding it further? 
w about a million characters? No? 
 you think that that's good or bad? 
u know what I would like? I would like edit, the ability to edit like if you make a typo or something like that, but also the ability for people to see the original. 
ke edit but see the original. 
ke say if it is..
 really? 
ght. 
ght. 
t does not exist anyway. I mean, no matter what, if you send someone something even, if you -- on Instagram, people are gonna know the original. 
ah. 
m gonna need more time than I do. If I fuck something up, like someone has to tell me. 
ey, man, you misspelled that word." Shit, did I? God damn it. 
t sometimes, autocorrect gets you. 
s. 
t isn't clarity more important because you're not going to..
ah. 
t you're still gonna have the ability to communicate quickly. 
t you also have the ability to clarify. 
at's interesting to me is how few people use video. Like I thought when you guys have video on Twitter, I'm like, "Well, a bunch people are gonna be making videos and putting those up on Twitter." And it's not. It's not that often. 
 it? 
at aspects is huge for? 
ght, for sure, yeah. 
's definitely very popular for sports, and in a folly, and, you know, there's a -- What is a -- There's a bunch of animal attack videos that you can...  Male Nature is Metal. 
ah, Nature is Metal is a good one and Hold my Beer. That's another good one. I mean, it's all videos. But what I meant was people making a video, talking about something. 
is is what I was trying to say. What I think is this and that, blah, blah, blah. You don't see a lot of that. And I thought maybe that would be something that people would adopt more. 
ght. 
w, going back to the responsibility that you guys have, and you in particular, like when this became what it is now, and when it became evident that it became this gigantic way of changing the way human beings communicate with each other, was there ever any regret, or was there ever a moment where you're like, "What the fuck have I gotten myself into?" 
w, when you have these considerations, when you take these actions, do you consult with psychologists, or sociologists, or historians, or people to try to put in perspective for you what the ramifications of each individual move would be? 
 there any internal disagreement about actions that you take? 
d that evolves? 
's interesting the way you're phrasing this too that you are looking at this as a method to save, or to help people, to serve people. You're looking at this as a way that you can benefit society, that society can benefit from your platform, can benefit from this ability to communicate. You're not just looking at it as a tech company that has to remain profitable. And that is..
e of the more interesting things about tech companies, to me -- I mean, there's been a lot of criticism, maybe justified in some ways, that tech companies all lean left. But what is interesting to me is that name another corporation that willingly, of its own choice, takes that into consideration that they want to serve the world and serve culture in a beneficial way regardless of profit. 
mean, because you're not really selling anything, right. You guys have a platform. Obviously, it's financially viable, but you're not selling things, right? 
ah. 
u also seem to be embracing this responsibility that you're helping to evolve culture. And this is part of providing this method to communication -- of communication rather. It's helping to evolve culture. And this is something that is really only applicable to tech companies in some strange way. And it's weird that so many of them share this. 
ke I was personally a little weirded out when Google took out Don't Be Evil. Like that was a big part of their operating model. 
s. Yes. Right?    Male Mmhmm. 
ke sure. I don't want to get sued. Pretty sure they removed that from what would -- What do you call that? Their operational directive? What is...  Male It's in the code of conduct. 
d this..
's weird that they take it out. Once you already said it, it's way weirder to say, "Yeah, fuck it. We were wrong. Just go ahead." 
. Well, what does that mean? What the fuck does do the right thing mean? Do the right thing, so you can make more money? You know, like, "Hey, we want to make money. We'll do the right thing. It's makes more money.". 
s. 
ght. 
ll, it's..
at's also interesting because Google is so all encompassing, right. You have Gmail, you have Android. I mean, that -- They are the number one operating system for mobile phones in the world on top of being a search engine. There's so much involved in that company. And, again, like almost all tech companies, they heavily lean left, and they -- Because they had that Don't Be Evil as a part of their code of conduct, it seemed like something that was a good idea to have. 
d it, sort of, defined what I was talking about that tech companies are uniquely progressive. 
ah. 
e you really from Missouri? 
ey didn't force you to be a Republican or a Democrat. 
ll, and it's very encouraging that you have that attitude because, you know, a lot of people, I think, in a similar situation would try to control the narrative. They would try to reinforce their own particular perspective on things and try to get other people to adopt it or try to push it. And I think it's very important..
. to just have this open discussion. And I think it's very important to review your own thoughts and ideas. 
d one of the best ways to do so is through the..
ah, put it out there. 
ah. 
at was the way this podcast has evolved more than probably anything. 
s. 
y don't you guys..
y don't you guys steal Don't Be Evil? Put that in your own shit. Fuck you, Google. 
n't be evil. It's real simple. Don't be a dick. 
ve you guys considered expanding your influence in other venues? Like, you know, Google started off as a search engine. Now, it's fucking everything. Have you guys considered doing something similar? 
ke what? 
w, did you guys acquire Periscope or was..
d what was the thought process when you were acquiring it? 
y keep it as Periscope? Why not have it be like Twitter Live? 
ott Evans, I think, uses it better than anybody. He gets on it..
ah. 
ah. 
 lets people build up too. Like, he'll announce that he's going on, and then wait a little while, say hello to some people. 
en, once a bunch of people are in the room, then he starts talking. 
ey Diaz as the other person that uses Periscope better than anybody live, but he just gets on. 
 just gets baked. It gives you a morning -- What does he call it? Morning Band Head?    Male The Morning Joint. 
e Morning Joint, yeah. He'll smoke a joint or smoke a bowl in the morning, and then just sort of let everybody know..
. what's mine is mine. 
, that's a great idea. 
at about people using it for group workouts? Is anyone doing that? 
w much more people do you have on Twitter than Periscope? 
lot more, huh? 
ah. 
ah, it's a great app too. And the ethics behind it are really fantastic too. We're really thankful for the Cash App, especially my friend, Justin Rand, and his fight for the forgotten charity that every time you use the code word, joerogan, all one word, it all goes..
 goes to that. And they've built two wells for the pygmies in the Congo. 
d they've raised thousands of dollars in building more wells right now. It's really, really cool. 
're really, really happy about that. 
's a great way to save money too. I mean, when you can save 10% at Whole Foods..
mean, that's real. 
ah. 
ght. 
ght. 
ll, if people were listening to this on YouTube, you don't know what the fuck we're talking about, the Cash App has a thing called the Cash Card, which is a debit card that you get with it, and there's a thing called Boost. And with Boosts, all you do is pick a boost in the app, and then use your cash card as a debit card, and you get these automatic discounts. And they're real discounts. 
d in this-. 
r folks with bad credit, there's no credit check. You can direct deposit your paycheck right into the app. And the fact that you guys do things like support Fight for the Forgotten, and you're supporting UFC Fighter Ray Bourque's son who's got some serious medical bills..
. it's really, really cool. 
hear a lot of good things about it too. I've run into people on the street that tell me they use it, and they're very happy about it. 
, it's nice to see, again, an emerging technology that's profitable, but, yet, also, has a really good set of ethics. 
 you have Don't be Evil in Cash App's code of honor? 
ybe you should not take it. It's free now. 
ah. 
at was the thought process with -- I mean, one of the things that's kind of cool about the Cash App is that you can buy and sell bitcoin with it. 
e you guys going to consider other forms or cryptocurrency as well? 
ally? 
w, when you have something like the Cash App, which it's very much a disruptive technology in terms of, like, decentralization of banks and currency. And, you know, to have it where everything is going right -- You're direct depositing a paycheck right in the app if you so choose. Then, you could also buy Bitcoin, which is another disruptive technology. I mean, that -- This is another step towards this sort of new way of doing things now. 
d is there pushback from any companies or is there..
plain blockchain for people who don't know what we're talking about. 
, you don't have to go to an institution to get them? 
ah, I couldn't agree more. And I think that cryptocurrency, to me, represents one of the more interesting discussions on the internet lately. 
at is money? 
d why are we agreeing that it's these pieces of paper that the Federal Reserve prints out? 
ah, I'm very excited by it. And I'm also very excited at the fact that it's only been around for such a short period of time but..
d it's become a part of the global conversation. 
also think that it's going to open up the door to potential universal languages. And I think this is..
is is..
ah. 
s. 
ah. 
ah. And I think you and I are extremely fortunate to be alive right now during this time because, I think, it's one of the strangest and most unique times..
. in human history. 
don't think there's ever been a time where things have changed so radically, so quickly. 
agree. Thank you. 
anks for everything, man. Thanks for being here. 
anks for doing what you're doing. Thanks for having the attitude that you have. I really, really appreciate. 
 pleasure. Bye everybo
